README.md, before:

Nothing to see here, go away




## How to build and deploy somewhere (without Docker)

Run `yarn install` to install the frontend packages, then `yarn build` to create the static output in the `dist` folder.
Once done, the `node_modules` folder can be removed to save space.

Then run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the requirements and `uwsgi uwsgi.ini` to run the server.

In production, uWSGI is used to run the Flask backend in parallel processes and serve the static build for the frontend.


## How to build and use the Docker image

TODO

## How to run in dev mode

To run the backend component you can be brave and try Pipenv:

    make run-dev-with-pipenv

it should create a virtualenv, install the packages and run the server from there.

Otherwise create the local virtualenv:

    python3 -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt

 and start the server in dev mode, it will listen on port 8080:

    uwsgi uwsgi.development.ini

Or you can use `make run-dev` which will try to do the same with some hack.

Run the frontend service (no matter how the backend was started):

    yarn install
    yarn run serve

It will expose a server on port 8090, and proxy all requests starting with `/app` or `/login` to the backend running at port 8080.

__NOTE__: the `/login` endpoint in dev mode is a *fake* login service which always emits a token, only for testing.

Now every change to the code will trigger a restart. The frontend is capable of a precise hot reload, while the backend simply restarts on changes.

If you change uWSGI or Vue configurations you still need a real restart.

## Test

TODO: backend tests...

    yarn run test:unit

## Linting

The project includes linting for Python and JS:

For the backend, using pipenv:

    make lint-with-pipenv

or after activating the virtualenv:

    make lint

For JS:

    yarn run lint

Commit message:

Complete README with Docker run and description

README.md, after:

Flask + Vue.js opinionated example and boilerplate.

It includes linting, automated test, live/hot reload, optional pipenv support, Docker build, CI/CD and whatnot.

## How to build and deploy somewhere (without Docker)

You need `Python` 3.5 or greater, `nodejs` 8.x or greater and `yarn`.

Run `yarn install` to install the frontend packages, then `yarn build` to create the static output in the `dist` folder.
Once done, the `node_modules` folder can be removed to save space.

Then run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the requirements and `uwsgi uwsgi.ini` to run the server.

In production, uWSGI is used to run the Flask backend in parallel processes and serve the static build for the frontend.


## How to build and use the Docker image

Simply run `docker build  -t 'boilerplate-flask-vue' .` to create a Debian-based image including everything.

Then run it with `docker run -p 8080:8080 boilerplate-flask-vue`.

## How to run in dev mode

To run the backend component you can be brave and try Pipenv:

    make run-dev-with-pipenv

it should create a virtualenv, install the packages and run the server from there.

Otherwise create the local virtualenv:

    python3 -m venv .venv
    source .venv/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt

 and start the server in dev mode, it will listen on port 8080:

    uwsgi uwsgi.development.ini

Or you can use `make run-dev` which will try to do the same with some hack.

Run the frontend service (no matter how the backend was started):

    yarn install
    yarn run serve

It will expose a server on port 8090, and proxy all requests starting with `/app` or `/login` to the backend running at port 8080.

__NOTE__: the `/login` endpoint in dev mode is a *fake* login service which always emits a token, only for testing.

Now every change to the code will trigger a restart. The frontend is capable of a precise hot reload, while the backend simply restarts on changes.

If you change uWSGI or Vue configurations you still need a real restart.

## Test

TODO: backend tests...

    yarn run test:unit

## Linting

The project includes linting for Python and JS:

For the backend, using pipenv:

    make lint-with-pipenv

or after activating the virtualenv:

    make lint

For JS:

    yarn run lint
